======================================================================
== Testo scritto con puro scopo educativo. Io, Raven, non mi assumo ==
== responsabilita' per l'uso, illegale o meno, che potrebbe esserne ==
== fatto. Uomo avvisato...                                          ==
======================================================================
==     IL POSSESSO DI QUESTO FILE E' COMUNQUE DEL TUTTO LECITO!     ==
======================================================================

Rockets.
~~~~~~~~

Next to the Roman Candle, these are perhaps the most popular articles of the
pyrotechnical craft and, on good authority, apparently antedate the candle. So
much has been written about sky rockets that any detailed description would be
superfluous. The French, particularly, have left a most complete history,
sometimes amusing, in view of the present status of rocket manufacture. The
rocket consists of a tube of paper rammed with suitable composition, its lower
end choked to about one-third of the diameter of its bore, and having a hollow
center extending upward through the composition to about 3/4 of an inch of the
top. A stick attached to the tube serves to balance it while ascending.
Roughly, the composition of a rocket, that is, the portion of it that is
burning while it is ascending, should be seven times its diameter in length.
Six-sevenths is pierced through the center while one-seventh is solid and acts
as a fuse to communicate the fire to the heading when the rocket reaches the
highest point of its flight.

     The tube is made of strong paper, preferably 3 turns of hardware paper on
the inside with 4 or more turns of straw board or Kraft paper on the outside.
A good rocket case can also be made of heavy rag or building paper, if it is
properly rolled with good paste. The process of choking the case and ramming
in a mold has been practically discontinued. An average model for a 1 pound
rocket is given in the file "ROCKET.ANS" (ANSI graphics format).

     Good rockets should be uniform, all those of one caliber ascending to the
same height and bursting at about the same time. This is particularly
desirable in bouquets of 100 or more, fired simultaneously, or a straggling
effect is produced.

     Most rockets larger than 3 ounces are rammed singly or by gang rammers,
which can be built on a custom basis. Today, hydraulic rammers are also in use.

     For very large rockets, a scoop of clay is shaken in and rammed with
eight good blows of a mallet on the longest rammer. Then, a scoopful of
composition is rammed with about eight lighter blows. This is repeated until
the case is filled to about 1 inch from the top. Shift rammer as it becomes
necessary to use shorter ones. There should be 1 inch of solid composition
above the top end of the spindle. Now the final charge of clay is put in and
the hollow pin rammer is used. This sets the clay while leaving an opening for
the fire to reach the heading. Care must be used to see that the hollow tube
just pierces the clay. If it does not go through, the heading will fail to
fire; if it goes too far, the heading will fire prematurely. (The heading is
the blast charge or whatever you want to ignite) the following are good
compositions for rockets of the different sizes given: (given in weighted
parts)

                    1-3 ounces    4-8 ounces    1-3 pounds    4-8 pounds
Potassium Nitrate      18            16            16            18
Mixed Coal             10             9            12            12
Sulfur                  3             4             3             3

     If rockets burst before ascending, add more coal; if they ascend too
slowly, add more Potassium Nitrate. For the smaller sizes, use fine coal, for
larger, coarser in proportion to the diameter. In 4-8 pound rockets, use
partly granulated Potassium Nitrate.

== Fonte: Anarchy 'n' Explosives 6 ==

The Raven
Since `82
