======================================================================
== Testo scritto con puro scopo educativo. Io, Raven, non mi assumo ==
== responsabilita' per l'uso, illegale o meno, che potrebbe esserne ==
== fatto. Uomo avvisato...                                          ==
======================================================================
==     IL POSSESSO DI QUESTO FILE E' COMUNQUE DEL TUTTO LECITO!     ==
======================================================================

Psychological profile of the troubled female teen.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-----------[ PSYCHOLOGICAL PROFILE OF THE TROUBLED FEMALE TEEN ]--------------
------------------------------[ Seth McGann ]---------------------------------

Nota di \sPIRIT\ : ho trovato questo articolo su Packet Storm, e mi e'
piaciuto troppo, cosi' ho deciso di includerlo in questo speciale estivo di
Butchered From Inside.
Purtroppo non mi e' stato possibile contattare l'autore per richiedere un
qualunque permesso (non erano disponibili indirizzi di email), ma non credo
che se la prendera' a male se mai dovesse scoprire che l'ho inserito qui :)


Date - 5/25/98

1. OVERVIEW

In this report I will attempt to quantify the personality traits of the
troubled teen with the intent of creating a psychological profile (or
signature).  The techniques used to arrive at these conclusions are the
same used by the FBI to profile unknown serial killers to facilitate their
capture.  All the conclusions are based on real-life interviews, long
exposure to several people possessing the target personality, as well as
some behavioral psychology.  This report is divided into a theory and a
practice section as well as a small section on exploitation.  At the end
of this report you should have all the information you need to identify
the personality type defined in this report and with practice should be
able to exploit the female for your enjoyment.

2.  THEORY

The personality we are defining is that of a troubled teen.  Specifically,
we seek female teens from 12 to 18 years of age (possibly older) with
severe unipolar depression.  The reason for this will become evident later.
We also seek a highly extroverted personality with little or no
inhibitions.  A side effect of this will be mild to severe hyperactivity,
which we must also look for.  So, we desire a depressed, extroverted,
hyperactive female. Luckily, these traits go hand in hand.  Additionally,
the behavior associated with them is easy to identify, even from a
distance.  In the next section, a behavioral profile will be provided that
can be used a template for this personality.

3.  PRACTICE

We begin our profile with an examination of the subject.  This can be
broken into several pieces.  As with any profile, not everything will be
the same for every subject.  The more parts that fit, the better the chance
of a match.

HEAD:
Examine the subjects head.  Is her hair dyed?  Does it show evidence of
being dyed multiple times?  The more times the better.  Next look at her
ears.  Multiple self-inflicted piercings with strange studs should be
evident.  Also look for make-up.  We want a purple color scheme, though
this may, or may not be evident.  Also look for scarring, (white or red
lines).  The more scarring the better.

ARMS and LEGS:
Look closely at the subjects wrists and forearms.  Search for evidence of
scarring in these locations.  Heavy scarring on the wrists is an indication
of attempted suicide (a plus for us).  Also look for names that have been
carved into her skin.  She may chose to hide her names by carving them in
hard to see places, so don't be discouraged just yet.  Another good sign is
burn marks.  Be careful though, severe physical or sexual abuse will
produce the wrong type of personality, we want all the damage to be
self-inflicted.

BODY:
The overall female should be very thin most of the time, although obesity
is a possibility too.  She will have used starvation as a means to attempt
suicide in the past.  We seek a physically attractive female, so feel free
to discard females that are disturbing to look at.

Now that we have screened for a female with the above physical
characteristics we have to take a look at her mind.  Even here, observation
is key.  It will be easier to inventory her mind if you try to start a
conversation.  The proper type will undoubtedly start the conversation for
you, and begin telling her life story, given a little prodding.  Watch her
body language as she talks.  She will subconsciously emphasize certain
points, which we want to know about.  Here is what we are looking for:

BEHAVIOR:
The female will try to always be at the center of attention.  Given the
proper setting (a house party, for instance) she will not hesitate to run
around completely naked.  This is a very good sign as it requires a VERY
uninhibited personality (even with large amounts of alcohol).  She will
begin to talk to whoever is near her, and will continually steer the
conversation back to her.  She will complain about her life, how bad her
day was, and given enough time she will drop important details.  This
release of information will happen whether the subject is inebriated or
not, the hallmark of this personality.  Areas to question the subject on
are as follows:

DRUG and ALCOHOL USE:
The subject should use drugs heavily, if not now, in the past.  She may
have convictions and be on probation for use and sale of marijuana.
Generally, she will not use harder drugs than pot, if anything else it will
usually be "shrooms" or LSD.  She will also use alcohol heavily, generally
in a social setting.  All this drug use will generally take place with her
friends in a closed setting.  Don't expect to see this at bar or other open
gathering.

MEDICAL HISTORY:
Here is the most important section.  If you've gotten this far everything
here should fit perfectly.  She will have been treated for "depression" in
the past, most likely with an in-patient stay at a mental facility.  The
reason for her stay will be attempted suicide or suicidal ideations
(thinking about ending it).  The methods she will use will not be effective
(like a shotgun blast to the head) but will be designed to attract
attention. Horizontal wrist slashing will bleed a lot, but is generally not
fatal and can be repaired. Overdosing on over the counter drugs, and
consuming household cleaning products are also popular.  While these
methods can work, the subject will call her friend and tell the friend that
she just tried to commit suicide.  This leads to the hospital, a suicide
watch, and in-patient commitment.  The subject will also be seeing a
therapist.  The reason for this is that the medication she is taking
requires monitoring by a psychiatrist.  Popular brand names are Prozac,
Paxil, Zoloft, but they all are anti-depressants.  Specifically they are
selective seritonin reuptake inhibitors, in other words they work by
increasing the pool of seritonin in the brain, thus reducing depression.
She will most likely not be taking the old school anti-depressants.  These
so called MAO inhibitors have so many side effects that is usually
prescribed when nothing else will work.  She will also need something for
that hyperactivity, Ritalin being the drug of choice.  To summarize: she is
currently on anti-depressants and is seeing a therapist due to depression
and attempted suicide.  If you can come to this conclusion from your
conversation, then you are in good shape.

FAMILY HISTORY and CHILDHOOD:
The subject will have had a relatively sheltered childhood with in a small
town.  This can vary actually, she may in fact live in a city and may have
one or both parents, who can have a varying amount of financial security.
Obviously, you want to find a female with rich parents.  Something goes
horribly wrong.  The female will be rejected by her mother, who will
continually disapprove of everything she does.  This will lead to continuos
feelings of rejection and anxiety.  In an attempt to get attention she will
latch on to anyone who approves of her and soothes the pain in her mind.
This is where the promiscuous sex comes in.  She uses sex as a tool to ease
her mental pain, but this will not work.  No matter how much sex she has,
how many boyfriends she gets, no matter how much she drinks, or smokes, the
underlying pain always comes back.  She will do a good job covering it up,
but she overcompensates, leading to exaggerated reactions.  If you spend
enough time with the female you will see that she does not deal well with
change.  Her personality will "break" for awhile, during which you will be
treated to fits of screaming and crying.  During these episodes the female
will be feeling completely alone.  If the episode last long enough she will
try to commit suicide.  To her, physical pain is nothing compared to the
mental torture she has to endure.  This also explains the need to carve her
body, and do her own piercings. The control she exerts on her body, and the
pain she inflicts, gives her an escape.  To find out how closely the female
fits in here requires good conversation skills.  Watch her body language
and try to see what you can pick up.  Chances are, all this will hit dead
on.

FRIENDS:
She will have many friends and acquaintances.  Her best friend will usually
be fairly normal, so it would be good for you to question her alone.  Not
to much in this area, take mental notes about who she likes and dislikes,
it will be useful in the future if you try to start any sort of
"relationship".

SEXUAL ORIENTATION:
The subject will almost always be bi-sexual.  Depending on how much she
likes you, she will be willing to have a sex with you and two or more
girls.  In fact, your best bet for group sex is with this personality type.
The other partners will usually be her friends, or someone she feels
comfortable with.  Due to the sensitive nature of this topic, you should
find a way to figure it out without direct questioning or until you've
known the subject for awhile.

After you've done a satisfactory interview you will know whether you have
found the right person or not.  If you are sure you have a proper
personality fix you can move on to the next section.  Otherwise, try
somebody else, in the next section we talk about ways to increase your
success.

3.  EXPLOITATION

To actually exploit this type of personality you must first find some
candidate girls.  Here are some excellent locations:

Boarding Schools for Girls: Basically these are psychiatric facilities for
rich girls.  Try and find a party near the school, chances are some of the
most lucrative finds will show up. If possible, through your own party
(this is kind of extreme though).

Rural High Schools:  Everyone knows people out in a rural setting have
nothing to do.  Use this to your advantage by infiltrating the party scene.
You will undoubtedly find several targets.

Colleges:  Less likely, due to the fact that someone as mentally disturbed
as we want would most likely not make it to college (though there are
exceptions).  Worth a try any ways. Get into the party scene, go to bars
around the college, frat parties are great, IF you can get in.

Clubs and Bars:  Everyone who goes to these are underage.  Use this to your
advantage. Profiling is harder in this setting, but if your good you should
have no problem.

What you do once you have found your target?  Well, I'm sure you can figure
it out. Capitalize on the person for sex, money and drugs.  The more
involved you get with the one girl, chances are you can get her friends
too.  One thing to keep in mind though, you will either get a positive or
negative reaction.  Discard the person if she responds negatively. If you
really want a particular girl, you can try, but with this personality,
there is an immediate reaction.  If the reaction is positive, your in with
about 5 minutes effort. Otherwise, it will take much, much longer.  Don't
bother, find another one.

4.  CONCLUSION

If you have completed this report you have all the necessary information to
identify this personality.  Now all you need is practice, and lots of it.
A disregard for ethics is also helpful.  In no time you should be getting
more sex than you know what to do with.


Seth McGann

== fonte: bfi summer 99 ==

The Raven
Since `82